BREAKING: 13.0 Docs (#5315)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/faq/questions/cloud-faq.mdx

### <Icon name="angle-right" /> Can I replay tests from historical Cypress Cloud runs?

Test Replay is available for tests recorded using Cypress `v13` and up. Tests recorded prior to this will not have Test Replay enabled in Cypress Cloud. You will still have any artifacts collected during the pre `v13` test runs.

### <Icon name="angle-right" /> Can I enable or disable Test Replay for specific, individual tests, or is it a global setting? Can I configure my settings so that Test Replay is only enabled for failing test retries?

At this time, users can only opt-out of Test Replay via [project-level settings](/guides/cloud/debugging/test-replay#Opt-out-of-Test-Replay) in Cypress Cloud. There is no local option for opting out at this time.

### <Icon name="angle-right" /> Can I share my test replays?

Yes! You can share Test Replays to any team members who have access to view your Cypress Cloud runs like QA, marketing, design, etc. Open the replay, copy the url from the browser address bar and pass it along.

### <Icon name="angle-right" /> Will Test Replay write any assets to the file system?

> Yes, but it is stored in a temporary directory and deleted after the run. There is nothing to `.gitignore`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, but they are stored in a temporary directory and deleted after the run. There is nothing to `.gitignore`.
```

"assets" are plural
